fix typo (#9350)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/index.md

Single-round interactive proving schemes replay disputed transactions on L1 to detect invalid assertions. The rollup protocol emulates the re-execution of the disputed transaction on L1 (Ethereum) using a verifier contract, with the computed state root determining who wins the challenge. If the challenger's claim about the rollup’s correct state is correct, the operator is penalized by having their bond slashed.

> However, re-executing transactions on L1 to detect fraud requires publishing state commitments for individual transactions and increases the data rollups must publish on-chain. Replaying transactions also incur significant gas costs. For these reasons, optimistic rollups are switching to multi-round interactive proving, which achieves the same objective (i.e., detecting invalid rollup operations) with more efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, re-executing transactions on L1 to detect fraud requires publishing state commitments for individual transactions and increases the data rollups must publish on-chain. Replaying transactions also incurs significant gas costs. For these reasons, optimistic rollups are switching to multi-round interactive proving, which achieves the same objective (i.e., detecting invalid rollup operations) with more efficiency.
```

incurs is correct here

| Fraud proving guarantees trustless finality and allows honest minorities to secure the chain.                                                         | If there are no honest nodes a malicious operator can steal funds by posting invalid blocks and state commitments.                                  |
| Computing fraud proofs is open to regular L2 node, unlike validity proofs (used in ZK-rollups) that require special hardware.                         | Security model relies on at least one honest node executing rollup transactions and submitting fraud proofs to challenge invalid state transitions. |
| Rollups benefit from "trustless liveness" (anyone can force the chain to advance by executing transactions and posting assertions)                    | Users must wait for the one-week challenge period to expire before withdrawing funds back to Ethereum.                                              |

> | Optimistic rollups rely on well-designed crypto economic incentives to increase security on the chain.                                                 | Rollups must post all transaction data on-chain, which can increase costs.                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Optimistic rollups rely on well-designed cryptoeconomic incentives to increase security on the chain.                                                 | Rollups must post all transaction data on-chain, which can increase costs.                                                                          |
```

I usually see this as one word. @minimalsm do you have a preference here?
